Update release_template.md (#10951)
owncloud/client: .github/release_template.md

* [ ] QA: Inform on ``#documentation-internal`` that the tag for the final release will be set a day or at least half a day __before__ (only for a major/minor release). They'll merge docs PR before that.
* [ ] DEV: Create final release tag (e.g., `v4.5.6`)
* [ ] DEV: Create [builds](https://confluence.owncloud.com/display/OG/Build+and+Tags#BuildandTags-Tags) for themes 'ownCloud' and 'testpilotcloud' for final release tag

> * [ ] DEV: Stop the daily builds for the released branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] DEV: Update version for future dailies of the released branch
```
